So a summer time, a group of brothers and sisters, we made arrangements to join the vacation
time to go to the beach and so during that time, I came into the beaches where I met her.
I hadn't met her sisters but I had not met her.
My grandparents and my aunt were a very important part in raising me and my sisters.
They learned the truth first in Ecuador and we always lived close by.
I always went to visit them and they helped my parents in guiding me into the truth.
So first three or four years of our marriage, we were about an hour and a half away from
my family.
That was really hard on me because close to my sister so it was kind of hard being so
to me that was really far.
I knew early on that one of the most important things that I needed in the main is someone
who loves Jehovah.
And they always say, I remember my parents and the meeting always say, find someone who
loves Jehovah more than it loves you and it's easy to say that.
But as you find someone you realize, she loves Jehovah more than she loves me and she
has demonstrated through her entire marriage when it comes Jehovah is first.
I think that is the key for a successful marriage.
I think the biggest challenge we went through in our marriage was our first year in the
circuit work.
Hard enough moving 3,000 miles away from everyone, starting a new type of life.
Two months later my grandfather dies, six months right after that my mother dies.
After her mom dies, my mom passed away with this one right after the other.
That was a difficult time for us.
All the pain and suffering from losing our moms and loved ones.
Every time we felt that we were not continuing, it was overwhelming.
The period of time was eight months and ten days between the death of Mimi's mom and
my mom.
A three-fold chord is the routine in which Jehovah is included in the marriage from reading
the Bible together, to going in the ministry together, to doing everyday things together.
And as you do this, Jehovah is present in your marriage.
We always think that it's our Bible reading, actually we don't think we realize our Bible
reading is very important for us.
We pick a book, we start reading it and we know that is what keeps us together.
We were both already pioneering before we got married and as we got married we just
figured out a way to continue pioneering together.
Just make sure to start our spiritual careers together.
So we have to always depend on Jehovah, which is the best person to always depend on.
We spend a lot of time by ourselves driving from city to city, from state to state and we
had plenty of time to reflect, to talk, to draw close to each other, to not only rely
on Jehovah, but also be closer between us and spend more time talking about the visit,
talking about the friends, talking about how we feel.
I think it was at the end it was the toughest assignment, but it was the most rewarding
of all the assignments we had had in all these years and the childhood work.
Because it's three of us and Jehovah is an equal part in our marriage, it doesn't matter
what we go through, whether it be Peter or I that's having a little bit of a struggle
because Jehovah is there, it's going to keep us united and strong.
And also it's not just in the things we do while we worship, yes we worship together,
but it's also all the other things that we do to Jehovah's way.
We're best friends and we enjoy spending time together outside of service and the meetings.
We like doing fun things outside, we like the outdoors.
When we're facing a difficult challenge, we will go to Jehovah and pray together specifically
to Jehovah help us with this challenge.
Our assignments have helped us to always be with each other because we have the same goals in mind.
We're working together for the same purpose, so the same schedule.
Spiritual schedule has really helped us to go through these challenging periods in our life.
But knowing that Jehovah is our creator, the sovereign being,
he's the one who should tell us what to do.
And there is an arrangement and when you follow his arrangement, there's happiness, there's success.
We're in an imperfect world, but his arrangement works and we have felt it.